yes hello my dear real love
Knife friends once again a knife
idea
This time it is a knife of magnus and
Although the hunting knife real master 3 the
is probably a reprint
yes this knife will be delivered a lot
High quality well crafted leather
Seems the fair is sitting since I too
very well
You can secure it without securing
it of course, but good processed good
teacher divorce you can not do more
yes the knife itself has on the picture
amazon a little lighter handle more
it is very brownish here
clearly not something for me
should be a disadvantage
the knife has a blade length of
10cm so again within our
weapon law the knife has one
weight of 124 grams
yes it is not too hard though
I have to say that it is acceptable
with life and the handle length is 2
as I said for my big hands straight
this knife is enough
wonderful with schnitzel if you want that
would like to
the material is also 440 tough and very
cut-resistant also in delivery condition
razor sharp yes the sound strength
I have not been measured now
probably not stated
but I have it on about 3 to
32 millimeters so sufficient
the knife is very stable yet so
hunting and fishing knife wonderful
suitable the sound cut is also
very acceptable
that's good too, the workmanship
the wood is very good there is here
no edges no corners it is very
smooth
the only thing i do fault is this
is the analysis
there just a hole through birth without
any sleeves or other is
you might have a measure there
you can insert this whole with
to make it a bit more stable
also look a bit nicer too
to let
yes , there is more about the knife
Not to say it is really a good one
stable knife for a very good
price
even this knife light under 30 euros
vj 1 not pretty much everything one
they are all moving
in a price category around 20 to 30
euro and must say for this
this price is actually good
knives as usual you know it yes
already there are a few pictures and
I say goodbye until then
Next video your style